# Show Me My Colors
It's a tool to help you understand all the colors you are using in a project. It gives you the unique colors but differentiates when it needs to, so you can find and fix.

## Benefits?
* You get to see all the colors in your project including the ones generated by LESS or SASS.
* It shows you the unique colors but shows you the duplicate ones when necessary like `#fff`, `#ffffff` and `rgb(255,255,255)`
* It also shows you the right color for your text for any given background. Pardon me for transparent ones. :(
* It remembers the colors you worked with before and loads them from localStorage when you come back.

More stuff coming in like **hue based sorting**  and **finding colors from your generated CSS**  so you don't have to do an extensive search.  

## How To Use?

### Search 
Go to your favourite text editor( Sublime Text? Awesome!) and use the following regular expression to search.
```
(rgba?\((\d+),\s*(\d+),\s*(\d+),?\s*(\d*(?:\.\d+)?)\))|(hsla?\((\d+),\s*([\d.]+)%,\s*([\d.]+)%,?\s*(\d*(?:\.\d+)?)\))|#([A-Fa-f0-9]{6}|[A-Fa-f0-9]{3})
```
This get's you all the `rgb/rgba`, `hsl/hsla` and HEX colors highlighted.

**If you already have a generated CSS, find in only that file and not entire project.** 

### Copy & Paste
Copy & paste the highlighted colors in the textbox. Make sure each color is in a new line. It could be painful depending upon what editor you use. I am looking for a way to make this process better.

### Or Watch This Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZpdpmWjZck

**Note -** Don't worry about the regex in the video. Use the one above.

### Hit <button>Show Me My Colors</button>

## Build
You need to have gulp installed in your machine. The project uses [Myth](http://myth.io) for compiling CSS. 
```bash
npm install
gulp
```
Gulp will watch for changes in CSS file while you work. 

Run it in a local server of your choice. If you have python installed, you could do:
```bash
python -m SimpleHTTPServer # http://localhost:8000 
```

## Contributing
You are awesome and I would love your contribution in making this a neat tool. Check the issues tab or raise one if you want a feature.

## Thanks
@LeaVerou for the checkerboard pattern using gradients and [for the awesome tip](https://twitter.com/praveenpuglia/status/657251040538943489) on how to achieve legible text color on any background.